VueViewer User Agreement
Creation date September 25, 2024

Dear VueViewer users, please read the following terms and conditions carefully before you use this application. By using the Application, you agree to be bound by these Terms.

1. Acknowledgement and acceptance of the User Agreement
By using the Application, you agree to be bound by these Terms.

2. Modification of agreements
The Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this Agreement at any time and without prior notice to the User. After the modification of the Agreement, the User's continued use of the Application shall be deemed to be acceptance of the new terms. If the user does not agree with the modified agreement, he/she should immediately stop using this application.

3. Limitation of liability
3.1 The Company does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or trouble-free operation of the services of this application and shall not be liable for any direct or indirect damages arising from the use of this application.
3.2 To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company shall not be liable for any loss of data, loss of revenue, or other damages arising out of the User's use of the Application.

4. Rules of Use
4.1 The User undertakes to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and will not use the Application to engage in any illegal or improper behavior. Prohibited behaviors include, but are not limited to:
Spread false information, defame, abuse or post any inappropriate content;
Violate the intellectual property rights or privacy of third parties;
Using the application for fraud or any form of malicious attack;
4.2 The Company reserves the right to monitor and address inappropriate behavior, including, but not limited to, suspension or termination of user accounts.
      
5. Intellectual property rights (law)
5.1 The intellectual property rights of all content (including but not limited to software, text, images, videos, etc.) in this application belong to the Company or the relevant right holders.
5.2 Users are not authorized to copy, modify, transmit or publicly release any copyrighted content when using this application, unless expressly authorized by the Company.